"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." ― Roy T. Bennett
“Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” — Albus Dumbledore
“My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it.” – Emery Lord
“There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t.”― John Green
“It’s okay to not be okay – it means that your mind is trying to heal itself.”― Abhijit Naskar
“You can't change your situation, the only thing you can change is how you chose to deal with it.” - Unknown
"You have limited fucks to give. Reserve them for the important/big things in life." - Mark Manson
"Focus on the NOW. Stop regretting the past and forecasting the future. Life is gonna be what it’s gonna be. There are no good or bad experiences. Just experiences that you will learn from. " - me
“Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.” ― Roy T. Bennett
“Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.” ― Roy T. Bennett
“Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.” ― Steve Maraboli
"Life is too important to be taken seriously" - Oscar Wilde
"Gratitude for the present moment and the fullness of life now is the true prosperity" - Eckhart Tolle
"Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have - Make the now the primary focus of your life" - Eckhart Tolle
"Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love" - Brene Brown
"Stay strong. Your story isn't over yet." - Unknown
"It’s okay to feel unstable. It’s okay to disassociate. It’s okay to hide from the world. It’s okay to need help. It’s okay not to be okay" - Unknown
"Don’t be so hard on yourself."
"You are blessed, you are amazing, you are wonderful, you are special, you are unique, you are talented, you are gifted, and you are loved." - Asad Meah
"This too, shall pass." - Unknown
"You can't control everything. Sometimes you just need to relax and have faith that things will work out. Let go a little and just let life happen" - Kody Kiplinger
"Happiness comes in waves. It'll find you again"